he has had a tremendous year
michael bryce is the bodyguard of the
year
[Laughter]
[Music]
is he a relative of yours god no darius
kincaid's a hitman wanted for like a
zillion murders around the world and how
often do you have this dream
just once well that's not tonight right
i'm thinking you need to forget
bodyguarding
i'm officially on sabbatical and to be
honest i don't know why
i didn't do this sooner
[Music]
this is the world's been waiting for me
to make this change
for the first time i'm starting to
imagine a life without bodyguarding
this really feels like a newbie
did i know you the muffin took my
husband
that means no guns no killing and no
blood
what is he doing here
are you using pepper spray i'm on
sabbatical
i would make a great mother don't you
think oh my god a child would be so
lucky to have you as its host
[Music]
you're gonna tell us everything you know
i'm not telling you
i on the other hand will tell you
everything
you